Rejected

1.       Candidate has a poor understanding of ML and DL concepts…has used methods without even understanding it (A/B testing, Word2Vec)

2.       Poor listening skills….goes on tangential without answering the question

 

Technical Topics Covered:

 

1.       Supervise ML – Support Vector Machines

2.       Deep Learning – RNN/LSTM

3.       Word Embedding – Word2Vec

4.       Experimentation – A/B Tests





 Probability & Statistics -

-     Feature engineering/Selection –

-     ML algorithms –

-     Deep Learning –

-     NLP –

-     R & Python exposure –

 

You can ask candidate to be prepared on below pointers:

 

1.      Prepare on coding ( PYTHON or R) They can give small problems to write code.

2.      whatever they have done in predictive modelling, they should know in and out of that.

3.      overall ML concept

4.      Logisitic regression, random forest ( understand all these techniques and why they have used)

5.      why , which , accuracy of the model.

6.      how did they arrive at solution.

7.      how did they optimize the solution



Q-if you reduce dimensionality model how will work
Q-cost function- coding



1. The technical questions completely​:-
​
Why do we select validation data other than test data?
Difference between linear logistic regression? Why do we take such a complex cost function for logistic?
Difference between random forest and decision tree? How would you decide when to stop splitting the tree? 
Backhend of many algorithms was asked?
Details of all most of the projects done?
Projects explanation into details.
Name few R libraries and use of them.
And so on lots and lots of questions in that.

1) Measures of central tendency
2) What is the requirement of k means algorithm
3) Which clustering technique uses combining of clusters
4) Which is the oldest probability distribution
5) What all values does a random variable can take
6) Types of random variables
7) Normality of residuals
8) Probability questions 
9) Sensitivity and specificity etc.

Technical interview

Initial questions were more from the project.
Why do you want to switch?
How much would you rate yourself on R/SAS/Python  from scale of 1 to 10?
R libraries you used most often and why?
One scenario basic question of R was given?
Explain one of your projects in very basic terms as if we dont know analytics.
Some mathematical questions related to educational background.
And more questions from project side. No machine learning questions in this round.
1) Questions on Projects
2) Data Preparations After Modeling
3) Questions on Python
4) Time Series ques (based on projects done)
1) Walk me through your resume
2) Asked questions on the project - related to techniques
3) What is logistic regression and how it is different from linear regression
4) Logic of sigmoid function
5) Background of k means - how to decide number of clusters, logic, when does cluster movement stops
6) Decision trees - What is node and how does it splits - Questions on CART, CHAID etc.
6) Packages of R and Python


Third round - Managerial interview

1) Walk me through your resume
2) Asked to explain a project and about its implications for the client
3) Asked to explain a project to a common man who do not have any logic of analytics
4) Case study
5) Why do you want to change job

Fourth round - HR interview

1) Why do you want to change job
2) Future aspirations from this company

Q/Why are you looking out for a change from you current company;
nothing negative abt your current co. 

Q/ Why did you moved from your previous company ?

Explain your learning & your career with the current company & then how keen you are to get associated with Top 6th MNC of the world 

Below are the points to remember while explaining your profile !! 

1/ Your projects
Please take us through your resume :
Imp Points
Please ensure you start with beg of your career with the upward graph & start explaining about your projects which are related to Analytics. what techniques you have used & what language you have used. All the analytics project should be read through before hand very very carefully & important pts should be highlighted during interview.

1/How many models did you built from scratch & the kind of inputs you had recvd from stalk holder?
2/One important problem you have got stuck recently & how did you finally resolved 3/ what are different stages your project is divided in & what is your contribution


2/Technical question 

-Will be asked technical questions in between , while you  are explaining your project on R,Python,Sas coding ( depending upon which skill you have used)

Examples :
-Ques on Matrix and array
-Given Three columns in a dataframe - country, state and sales. Find the states having sales >10,000 and using these states find the corresponding countires having sales >10,00,000.
- Multiply V1=c(1,2,3) and V2=c(3,4)  in R
-Given a data frame with 3 columns- credict_card_number, month(1-12) and sales. Find the 4th highest sale for each country.
-Percentage Concordance.
-Guess Estimation of how many flights take off from delhi.
-Guess Estimation of how many cars are their in B'lore.

3/Case study Round

You will be given a scenario.Please advise your approach & advise them working of the model creation. They are evaluating you on your approach & how would be to reach the solution . Please remember this... so all if s buts to explained in detail

Pick any of your projects and explain the end objective as to what was the aim for doing that. 

4/ Machine Learning/Predictive-

Expecting you to explain the project & depth in which you have used ML technique.

5/Latest Technique-

What are your latest techniques you used for business problem solution & explain the same.Cite examples from your projects
